gudda ,cheddar cheeses and gorgonzola
(3/4 cup (packed) grated extra-sharp cheddar cheese (about 4 ounces)
3/4 cup crumbled Gorgonzola cheese (about 4 ounces)
1/3 cup (packed) freshly grated Parmesan cheese (about 1 1/4 ounces))
--------------------------------------------
[We love homemade pizza at our house. It’s filling, inexpensive, and easy-to-make! Best of all, though, in our opinion, it’s so much better than]
Ingredients-  About 6 tbsp. extra-virgin olive oil,1 teaspoon fersh basil
2 garlic cloves thinly sliced, button mushroom thinly sliced.
Ingredients
1 package  active dry yeast
1 teaspoon sugar
1-1/4 cups warm water (110° to 115°)
1/4 cup  oil extra-virgin olive oil
1 teaspoon salt
3-1/2 cups all-purpose flour
Topings
1 small onion, thinly sliced
Mushrooms, thinly sliced
1 cap  green, red Bell  pepper thinly sliced
1 teaspoon fersh basil
2 garlic cloves thinly sliced, button mushroom thinly sliced.
1/3 cap  tomato sauce
3 teaspoons dried oregano
2 cups  shredded  mozzarella cheese, Parmesan cheeseand cheddar cheeses 
Prep: 25 min. + rising Bake
Directions
Preparation

Roll out and press down onto a greased pizza pan. Add toppings. (Have fun and be creative with this! Our favorite variety is - - - cheese.)Spread with sauce; sprinkle with cheese and toppings. Agin sprinkle with cheese and dried oregano.[Put pizza in the oven preheated at 250 degree Celsius and bake for 8 minutes. You can use the grill mode also. First brush bottom of pizza base with oil and grill with bottom side up on the greased tawa placed on a high rack for 2 minutes till crisp. Put tomato  sauce and then toppings. Grill again for 3 minutes.]
-----
3. Meanwhile, make Tomato sauce: In a medium pot, heat 2 tbsp. olive oil over medium heat until hot but not smoking. Add garlic and swirl in hot oil until it starts to smell good, about 15 seconds. Stir in tomatoes and simmer, uncovered, to thicken and cook off the "canned" flavors, at least 25 minutes.
Homemade Tomato Sauce

Recipe  Sauce
 
Ingredients
4-5 pounds very ripe tomatoes
2 tbsp olive oil
2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced
pinch of salt
Instructions
Bring a large stockpot of water to a boil.
One by one, use tongs to place each tomato into the boiling water. Leave each tomato for about 30-45 seconds. Then, use tongs to remove each tomato and place immediately into an ice water bath in a large bowl. 

This is my favorite part. The skins of the tomatoes will crack and start to peel; all you have to do is simply peel the skins off completely. (You can save these skins to make your own hearty tomato paste!) 
Using a knife, quarter each of the tomatoes and cut away ant of the hard pieces.
Now, it’s time to squeeze out the seeds and excess water. Place an empty bowl on your work surface and squeeze out the seeds and liquid. Place the drained tomatoes in a strainer and allow them to strain longer. Don’t worry if you don’t get every seed out. The point is not perfection; the point is rustic, homemade goodness.
Heat the olive oil in a large skillet over high heat. Add garlic and swirl in hot oil until it starts to smell good, about 15 seconds. Place the tomatoes in the skillet and bring to a boil.
Bring the heat down to a simmer. There is no need to brea
k apart the tomatoes. Over time, they will simmer down and break apart. Simmer for at least 45 minutes. You may simmer longer depending on your desired thickness. Less time results in a chunkier sauce whereas more 
time will result in a thinner one. At the end, finish it off with a pinch of  salt and stir it in. Enjoy
--Directions:
To make the tomato sauce, in a large saucepan over medium heat, warm the olive oil. Add the onion, garlic and pizza seasoning and cook, stirring frequently, until the onion is tender, 5 to 6 minutes. Stir in the tomatoes and bring to a simmer. Reduce the heat to medium-low and cook, stirring occasionally, until the sauce is thickened, about 30 minutes. Let cool to room temperature before using. This recipe makes about 2 3/4 cups sauce; you will need 1/2 cup sauce for the pizza. Refrigerate the rest for another use.

--------
Pizza Dough
Prep
20 min
Inactive
1 hr 10 min
Ingredients
3 1/2 to 4 cups bread flour, plus more for rolling (Chef's Note: Using bread flour will give you a much crisper crust. If you can't find bread flour, you can substitute it with all-purpose flour which will give you a chewier crust.)
1 teaspoon sugar
1 envelope instant dry yeast
2 teaspoons  salt
1 1/2 cups water + milk, 110 degrees F
2 tablespoons olive oil, plus 2 teaspoons
Directions
Combine the bread flour, sugar, yeast and  salt in the bowl of a stand mixer and combine. While the mixer is running, add the water and 2 tablespoons of the oil and beat until the dough forms into a ball. If the dough is sticky, add additional flour, 1 tablespoon at a time, until the dough comes together in a solid ball. If the dough is too dry, add additional water, 1 tablespoon at a time. Scrape the dough onto a lightly floured surface and gently knead into a smooth, firm ball.

Grease a large bowl with the remaining 2 teaspoons olive oil, add the dough, cover the bowl with plastic wrap and put it in a warm area to let it double in size, about 1 hour. Turn the dough out onto a lightly floured surface and divide it into 2 equal pieces. Cover each with a clean kitchen towel or plastic wrap and let them rest for 10 minutes.
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Ingredients:    2 Tbs. olive oil, 4mushrooms, sliced, salt, 2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced,1/2  bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced, pizza dough (see related recipe at left), 1cup freshly grated mozzarella, Parmesan,cheddar cheese.
1 Tbs. thinly sliced green onion, green portion only
In a small  pan over medium-high heat, warm 1 Tbs. of the oil. Add the mushrooms, salt and pepper and cook, stirring occasionally, until softened, about 4 minutes. Transfer the mushrooms to a paper towel-lined plate.

In the same pan over medium-high heat, warm the1 Tbs. oil. Add the onion,cloves,bell pepper, salt and pepper and cook, stirring frequently, until just softened.Add the basil Transfer the pepper to the plate with the mushrooms.

On a floured surface, roll out the pizza dough into a 12-inch round. Transfer to a floured pizza peel. Spread 1/2 cup tomato sauce evenly over the dough, leaving a 1-inch border. Top with the cheese, then with the cooked vegees and in the top mixed cheese leyer.  
Carefully slide the pizza onto the preheated pizza stone. Bake until the cheese is bubbly and the crust is crisp, 12 to 15 minutes. Using the pizza peel, transfer the pizza to a cutting board and garnish with the freshly grated Parmesan cheese. Cut and enjoy!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Ingredients:     2 Tbs. olive oil   4mushrooms, sliced;    salt ;  2 garlic cloves, thinly sliced;  1/2  bell pepper, seeded and thinly sliced;  pizza dough (see related recipe at left);  1cup mozzarella cheese, gudda cheese ,cheddar cheese,  Parmesan cheese and   gorgonzola cheese(small)  freshly grated


